Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
This is good for...
- Hi, Father.
- One, please.
$10, please.
- Did you send the labels?
- Every one, $3,000.
Hello, how many?
Here's my bank.
Back in 20 minutes.
Yeah, the rush is about to hit.
Some of the donors that have
given graciously thus far...
Move over, Fred and Ginger.
Contestant number four, Audrey Clark,
has been tap dancing
since she was three years old.
Pickaway County
has delighted in Audrey's performances
for 16 years and counting.
Don't worry, dance fans...
Smile!
Come on, Mommy!
One more time, Mom. One more time.
Here you go. It's all you, it's all you.
Heads up, here they are.
All right, try again one more time.
- I know it's in you. Come on.
- No, no.
- Come on, Mommy!
- Come on, one more time.
Hey, Padre. Padre.
Come on in here, help this
little girl out here.
- I don't think so.
- Hey, no cash, no nuns, on the house.
Come on, for this beautiful little girl.
- Please.
- You can do it.
Come on. On the house.
Pop three for her. There you go.
- Who wants to be next here?
- Yeah!
Look at that. It's so
easy, he can even do it.
- Mommy, I won!
- Got a winner!
Little girl's a winner!
- Here you go.
- I won!
Here you go, Padre, it's all you.
You're a winner.
- Big old winner.
- Thank you.
Thank you, Father.
There's the big winner!
Hardwicke!
Hey!
I got it. Keep it quiet.
How ya doin', Officer?
I just gotta get through here real quick.
Sorry, sir, livestock shows are changing.
You're gonna have to wait 20 minutes.
Come on. I'm not gonna
say anything if you don't say anything.
No, sir. Those are the rules.
Idiot.
- These are stacks of hundreds right here.
- Easy.
I've already counted them twice.
They're good.
- Good deal.
- Pass me more bands.
Hardwicke's torching the hay bales
in five minutes.
Wait for my call.
$20 bands, please.
Let's move this in because
we got another shipment coming in...
Bet it's gonna be
over 100 degrees again today.
Rankin, grab me a lemon shake-up
on your next run?
This is gonna be fun.
My uncle was a priest.
Sorry to bother you.
I'm on a bus back to Cleveland at 4:00.
I was wondering if there's someplace
I could put this while I walk around.
Sure, Father.
Right where you came in, there's a blue
building. That's the hospitality center.
They will be more than happy to help you
with whatever you need.
They got some great refreshments there.
- Go! Go!
- Freeze!
Drop it.
Let's go.
Everybody down!
Get down in front of the table! Asses up!
I'll blow your fucking brains out!
Move it!
- What's the erase code?
- 487.
Type it m.
Let's go. Move.
On the floor, face down.
I need your phones
in a pile over here, please.
Right up here, like the good Father said.
- Pass them up there.
- Hurry! Up here!
Sopranos, you're flat,
you've gotta reach for those high notes.
We all want this over
as quickly as possible.
I don't steal from people
who can't afford it
and I don't hurt people
that don't deserve it. So relax.
I'm no better than you.
You're no better than me.
If I say I'll do something, I'll do it.
If you say you'll do
something and you don't,
I'll make sure you regret it.
We don't have the keys to that cabinet.
Only Mr. Leeds has those keys.
Shut it, old man.
Hands behind your back.
Everyone! Hands behind the back!
- Stay down, Ben!
- Back down, sailor!
I make minimum wage, please! I'm nobody!
I don't wanna... Please!
I don't wanna die! I don't wanna die!
Shut your cocksucker
or I'll blow your head off.
Hey, I'll take care of this.
Tie him up.
Calm down, calm down.
Take it easy.
It's okay. Everything's gonna be just fine.
I promise.
What's your name?
Ben.
You got a girlfriend, Ben?
She loves you, right?
What's her name?
It's Hannah.
Tonight you're gonna be
sitting with your arm around Hannah,
watching this on the 10:00 news.
She'll be so close,
you'll feel her breath on your neck.
And when she hears how nobody got hurt
today because of your cool head
she's gonna press
her warm hand against your cheek.
She's gonna look into your eyes
like there's no place else
she ever wants to look again.
Trust me, Ben. It's gonna be a good night.
Thank... Thank you, Father.
On the floor.
Hands behind your back.
Okay, let's get in.
That partner of yours better be right
about what's inside these tin cans.
Hurry up before he drinks it all.
You're right. We should have left earlier.
Hey. You look beautiful, Claire.
I bet you say that to all the girls.
You know you're the only one.
What about your partner?
Come on, your dad's important to me.
I know it. I love that you love him.
Hurley! 'Hey, Dad!
You think, and you'll...
- Hey! Howard, excuse me a second.
- Sure, sure.
There's my little girl.
Claire, who's this bum you brought?
- Hi, beautiful.
- Hi, Daddy.
- I'm going to find Jen.
- Good. Go see her.
It's so good to see you, man.
You too, Hurley.
Okay. One down, one to go.
- How's it look?
- What do we got?
Full. Totally full.
Ching, ching, baby.
I got everything from a guy who's worked
this fair for the last eight years.
Blueprints, everything you need.
They rake in a big haul
on Saturday and Sunday.
One, one-and-a-half million. Not bad?
So you think I need those guys.
Yeah. It's a five-man job.
How do you know this guy, Melander?
Melander and I worked together
out in Portland, 20 years back.
Always had a good crew.
Independent, like us.
I told him right off,
if you were in, it's your show.
You're in charge.
Number two, good to go.
- Let's go.
- What the fuck was that?
Just stay with the plan. Move it.
It's total fucking panic out here!
Here.
All right. Down on the floor.
Stay out of sight. We're
going out the back.
So, we all good?
You were supposed to torch the hay bales
behind the livestock pavilion,
away from the midway.
You know what?
There was some trouble, so I improvised.
Big fuckin' deal...
Someone gets hurt, cops come after us.
That's the big fucking deal!
Motherfucker!
I said behind the livestock pavilion.
Thirty seconds.
Come on! I'm rolling! Right now!
I gotta say, Parker, you
came as advertised.
So, I've decided
to bring you in on something else.
Something big.
Look, 200 grand each
isn't gonna make any of us rich.
But if we all kick in
our share as seed money
towards the next little
piece of business down the line,
we all end up with two million. Each.
We just took a million bucks.
That's a hell of a lot of seed.
And that's just for the house.
I don't think so.
Look. Picture one of those duffel bags,
only instead of tens and twenties,
it's filled with diamonds and pearls.
Jewelry's 10 cents on the dollar.
No, thanks.
No, not 10 cents. I'm getting 20.
Parker, two million each.
We've got someone on the inside.
It's the score of a lifetime. Guaranteed.
We made a deal. You said we'd split the take.
That's what we need to do.
Why don't you think about it?
Come on. Parker, hey.
We're talking millions. Seriously.
Okay, Parker, cards on the table.
I'm gonna need
the whole score for this next thing.
So, if you were me,
what would you do with a guy like you?
Divide up the shares
and that'd be the end of it.
What if you decided not to do that?
I'd kill him While I had the chance.
Jesus Christ.
Shit.
Watch it!
Grab him!
Shoot him!
My God!
Grab the gun!
Grab it!
Shit!
Damn!
Stop him!
Son of a bitch!
- My nose! He broke my nose!
- Let me see, let me see!
What kind of an idiot
fires a shotgun in a fucking car!
- Shut up, Hardwicke!
- My God!
- Shut up!
- I'm bleedin', man!
Stop this blood.
- Go finish him.
- Wait, wait, wait.
Look. He's fucking dead.
Let's just get the fuck out of here!
I don't give a fuck who your uncle is!
Now, you wanna be a part of this,
you go finish him.
You heard him, Hardwicke! Go!
- Go do it!
- Get the fuck out of here!
God, I gotta get out of here!
- Handle your business!
- Come on! I gotta go!
Do it! Blow his fucking head off!
Fuck. Fuck.
You got to fucking bend sometimes, Parker!
You're so fucking stupid!
Do it!
- Come on!
- Good. Let's go, let's go!
I didn't get a good look at his face,
just that he was a priest.
So far as his build or that goes, I don't know.
I guess I'd say average.
Did he say anything to you?
Not really. Nope.
That looks like a man's shoe up there.
That looks like blood.
Hey, Eddie! Look at that!
James, stop! There's a man!
Boys, stay in the truck.
- You think he's dead?
- I don't know.
You boys hang back. I'm going to check it.
Sweet Jesus. Come on.
What do you want us to do, Daddy?
He's alive.
- Take him on the other side, here.
- Okay.
Get him over. Come on, now.
Get him out. Let's go.
Wait, wait! Support him.
How you all doing, boys?
Wanna get my back?
Too many scars.
If you came into the ER
with this many holes,
we'd be prepping you for the morgue.
That's why I stay away from hospitals.
Stay still.
We're going to get you to the hospital.
We gotcha.
That's right. Nicely done, Benjamin.
Well, a silver Suburban used by the thieves
who struck the neighboring
Ohio State Fair on Monday
was found in a strip mall
across the state in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Now, the men made off
with approximately one million dollars
and are believed to have set a deadly fire
while making their escape.
A 51-year-old
Sedalia resident, Charles Stockton
was killed in that blaze
that injured six others.
Anyone with information
is asked to call Crime Stoppers...
Don't get up.
You were shot.
I'll call the nurse.
Don't you call the nurse.
Where am I?
Covington, Kentucky.
You know... Do you know
what happened to you?
They don't even know your name.
Hey. HEY-
Are you crazy?
- Good morning, ladies.
- Good morning.
- How are you today?
- Doing good.
Okay, Mr. Quinn!
Radiation's all set for you.
Help the man. This man needs some help.
Okay, okay, no problem. Let me get you set
- and I'll check him out.
- This man needs help.
Come on. Get up, get up.
You know the drill. Let's go.
- Help the man.
- Okay. We have to get to Radiation.
- Needs some help.
- Pick your feet up.
Calm down, calm down.
Nurse!
Don't hurt him.
Please... Please don't.
Please don't hurt him.
Please.
My God.
Is he dead?
He's dead. You killed him.
No.
Praise the Lord.
What's... What's going to happen now?
Please don't hurt me. Please.
Ain't no wallet, no ID on him.
You said he was shot two times, though?
Yeah. Found at the side of the road,
left for dead.
How long was he in surgery?
I need you in the chair
to hold up my weight.
Don't call attention to us and I'll let you
go as soon as we're outside, understand?
Is he talking?
No, I believe he's still unconscious.
Yeah, a farmer found him.
We'll get you inside now.
Hey. Feel better.
You too.
Blow his fucking head off!
Do it!
I got it!
Get your ass in the truck.
Ain't going to be no ducks left.
I'm about to leave you.
Mr. Norte, I'm a friend of Bob Hurley's.
Yeah. Listen, I need some documents.
Don't worry about the money.
I start a new job in the morning.
- Don't cash your check when she's around.
- Be back at 1830.
All right, we'll see you later.
Do what I say and you won't get hurt.
Mine's bigger than yours.
It's not the size, it's how you use it.
What the hell?
You got hurt because
you didn't do what I said.
Your bulletproof vest
doesn't cover your legs.
Next time I'll take out your eye.
Who the fuck are you?
Do right, in a few minutes
you're on your way to the hospital.
- They'll get you, you know.
- Yeah.
So don't sweat it.
It's only money, you're insured,
and they'll get me. Get up.
Remember I got a gun on you.
What's your name?
Jack. People call me Jack.
Move it, Jack.
What's your partner's name?
Oliver.
You say, "Oliver, I got shot.
This guy helped me." Nothing else.
I got shot.
Thank God this guy helped me. Jesus.
It's small but it hurts.
He knows we're wearing vests.
He'll shoot you in the face.
Can we get this over with
so I can go to a goddamn hospital?
Okay, Oliver.
Help Jack get into the other room.
I need cash.
You know they're gonna get you for this.
Yeah, Jack already told me.
Sorry about the leg, Jack.
You sit tight for five minutes,
I'm gonna call you an ambulance.
Hey! Come on in, señor.
You made it in record time.
So you're Hurley's friend.
I'm glad you found us, Mr...
Well, step right this way.
You know, this was my daddy's business.
We make most of our money
off the high schools.
You know, printing yearbooks, diplomas...
Stuff like that.
I need to be able to buy a car, get a loan.
Name, birth certificate, driver's license.
Social.
Passport? Anything else?
Did you bring a picture?
No.
Ernesto...
Five days, my friend.
Come on through. You're out. Go. Move.
Hello?
It's Parker.
Yeah?
There was a problem with the job.
I need you to do two things for me.
Yeah. Name it.
First, let Claire know
I'll be gone longer than I thought.
All right. You got it.
Second, you know where
I can get a hold of that client, Melander?
What happened?
I invoiced, but I wasn't able to collect.
Jesus, Parker.
Are you all right?
Where is he?
This is not a good idea.
After you didn't call I did some checking.
It turns out that Melander
is not as independent as I thought.
He's got connections. Big connections.
We're talking Chicago.
Danzinger.
So don't start anything.
Hurley, it's me.
- Give me a name.
- Listen.
Hardwicke is a nephew of Danzinger.
- You understand?
- Give me a name!
Jesus Christ.
All right, here's what I got.
His brother, Bobby Hardwicke,
owns five bars on Bourbon Street.
Plus a rock 'n' roll club.
Now, listen, you be real careful.
These are bad guys.
- Trying to get in?
- Yeah.
All right, go ahead.
I need to see Bobby Hardwicke.
Not going to happen-
Tell him Mr. Danzinger sent me.
Wait here.
Idiot. Get out!
I got 300 people down there and you're
telling me you only got 200 pays.
That means I got 100 fucking guests.
Who are these fucking guests?
- Relax, Bobby...
- Now don't tell me to relax, you understand?
- What?
- Bobby Hardwicke?
Out. Private.
I need you to tell me
where your brother is.
- Get him the fuck out of here.
- Come on, you heard...
You son of a...
Your brother went off on a job
with a man named Melander.
Do you know
how fucking connected I am, chief?
They took money that belongs to me.
Tell me where they are
and I'll get out of your hair.
Do you have any concept
of the unholy shitstorm you're about to
unleash by fucking with me? Do you?
First I should tell you,
when I say I'll do something,
I always follow through. Always.
FUCK you!
If you don't tell me what I need to know
I'm going to press down on this chair
until it crushes your trachea.
Trust me, it's agonizing.
Plus, there's the posthumous humiliation
of having been killed with a chair.
Florida.
Joey? Joey?
Holy shit.
Where in Florida?
Palm Beach!
Palm Beach, for Christ's sake!
Bobby!
- Jesus! You okay?
- Fucking get him!
Get him!
Hi. You know what to do.
Claire. Claire, I wish
you'd keep that thing on.
Look. Trouble might find its way up there.
I think you'd better
talk to a travel agent.
Tomorrow.
Yeah?
Hurley. Time for a vacation.
Yeah.
Here's your Mighty 690 forecast, folks,
and let me tell you Palm Beach weather,
it's just unbelievable this time of year.
The temperature drops to 50
and everybody's wearing
boots, sweaters, and leather jackets.
Then, poof, the next day it's 85
and we're back in flip-flops,
halter-tops, and board shorts.
There's nothing between Sherri and...
God!
There will always
be something between you and Sherri.
Always.
You're not going to wear that skirt!
You know we can't wear earth tones!
It's Tahari.
That's what's important. Not your hips.
It's what they expect me to wear, Ma.
They tell you what to wear, what to drive.
You can't afford it.
You know I'm not loaning you
any more money, right?
Can you open my pills? My hands are bad.
I put them out.
At least take Pipsy out.
Leslie!
- It's your dog.
- And it's my house!
It's a condo, Ma.
I put one of these devices in each speaker.
When these babies go off,
all hell's gonna break loose.
Hey, just watch what the fuck you're doing.
The beauty is,
speakers will still be able to work.
Trigger's very simple.
Hey, bro.
Nah. Hold on one sec.
Now, will you
just shut the fuck up and concentrate?
Are you sure?
Bobby. I'm...
Look at this thing.
Stop playing with that thing.
Fuck!
What the hell was that?
What!
He's alive.
Who?
Parker. He knows we're here.
He ambushed my brother.
He tried to kill him.
Parker's dead.
You got out of the SUV and you shot him.
- Right?
- Yes.
- I fucking shot him.
- You...
I fucking...
He was dead when I fucking left him!
I swear to God!
We need five men for the gig.
We can get by with four.
It don't work with three.
Fuck!
All right.
Okay.
You get with your uncle in Chicago
and you have him handle this.
With a real professional.
Now.
That fucking Danzinger better do something
for all the money
he's going to make on this haul.
The Mafia doesn't usually touch family,
but who knows with Danzinger.
I'm not taking any chances.
Jen should be packed.
I'll be back and get you in 15 minutes.
Yeah.
Hey, don't worry. He'll be fine.
Claire...
It happens.
Yeah. Not to me.
God. Dad, it never happened to us.
Yeah, I know.
Times change.
I'm the one that should be jealous.
He called you first.
Lock these doors. All of them.
I'll be back with your
stepmom in 10 minutes.
Parker?
Did you get my message?
Yeah. Then my dad came by.
Two minutes after he left,
a strange man with a big
knife let himself in.
Was that... Was that a message, too?
Listen. Drive straight
to the fishing camp at Okeechobee.
No stops, no calls.
You'll be safe there.
Gotta make sure I'm not being followed.
How long?
I'll be there Friday.
What if you're not?
Parker!
Empty the cash out of the storage locker
and disappear.
Look, I'm one commission away.
I'll get it to you by the end of the week.
I swear.
No, you don't understand.
I need my car for work.
If you repossess my car, I can't pay you.
Please, just... Just give me another week.
Great. Thank you. Next week at the latest.
Hi. An Americano with two Splendas, please.
We've got it all ready for you, Leslie.
Thanks for remembering.
Leslie Cienfuegos.
- Rodgers.
- Right.
How is the ex? You hear from him?
Shouldn't you be over in West Palm?
I like it here fine. Like you do.
Hey, you have a cup holder in your car?
Or you just keep that between your legs?
Well, it's large and black, Jake.
Where do you think I like it?
Yeah. We'll see who's laughing next
time you need a ticket fixed.
Jackass.
Don't fuck with us!
Just give us Parker and you're done!
Am I talking to you, boy?
Am I talking to you? Shut up!
Fuck you! You know who we are?
You deliver
or you're gonna be dead like Parker.
What are you talking about?
I don't know any Parker!
Watch out!
Dissatisfied customers?
I don't have dissatisfied customers.
What I have is you.
And now I have this!
Your gun.
Give me what I came for and I'm gone.
You brought them here, now you get
down on the floor with them, boy!
We had a deal, Norte. I gave you
your money, now give me my papers.
Fuck your papers! I don't
need this bullshit!
Did they say they were from Chicago?
- We didn't say.
- Shut up!
Get on the floor.
Did they mention
someone named Danzinger?
Look, I don't know anything.
All I know is, I got a situation here.
You know who I think brought them here?
Ernesto. He sold you out.
Get on the floor!
All right. I'm done.
Hey, look. We...
We don't have to kill each other.
These men wanted you.
I don't want any part of it anymore.
I'm like... Sweden.
You mean Switzerland.
Whatever.
Your documents are in that middle drawer.
- Right behind me. Right there.
- Take them out.
Daniel Parmitt.
- Ecuador.
- You're an American citizen.
Born in Ecuador.
There's lots of gringos down there.
Your family was in the oil business.
Pick up the gun.
Now look here, there's not very many people
that can do what I do as well as I do.
If I get dead,
a lot of people are gonna be very upset
and they're gonna come get you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Everyone's gonna get me. Pick it up.
Shoot them.
The other way we can do this
is I shoot 'em, then I shoot you.
I'm trying to help you here, Norte.
Listen, pal, you can still
get out of this alive.
Why did you stop?
They're dead!
Then they won't feel it. Keep going!
Toss me the gun.
So now what? You got a hold on me, right?
I don't need a hold over you.
Not if you make all this disappear
and tell anyone who asks I never showed up.
What do I say about them?
Maybe they died on the way here.
Don't forget to take care
of their Navigator outside.
Ecuador.
I just hate flying. I hate it.
I mean, the goddamn landing was terrifying.
It went up on one wheel.
I thought I was gonna die for a minute.
I mean, Jesus, Jen's already
at the lake with the damn dog.
- What about Claire?
- Taken care of.
I promise she's safe.
All right.
Okay, so, Danzinger must be the fence to
get 20 cents on the dollar.
That's why Hardwicke's around.
Yeah, I'd think so.
You know, two million dollar share,
five ways, 20 cents on the dollar...
Fifty million dollar score.
Yeah. So where in Palm Beach?
No, no.
Parker, I'm telling you, Bobby was lying.
Not Palm Beach.
Look, the problem is not the score,
the problem is Palm Beach.
Nobody does business there.
There's a cop to every eight residents.
Drawbridges.
They could shut the island down like that.
You're trapped.
The state pen
is full of lightweights that have tried it.
You know Melander. Is he a lightweight?
No, Melander's not a lightweight.
But it doesn't matter.
Listen, I got a call from Danzinger.
And for whatever the reason,
they want it to go down without a hitch
so they sent me this to give to you.
This is your Ohio share plus 10 points.
Take it. Go somewhere with Claire.
Keep your money.
Who are you kidding, Hurley?
Chicago doesn't pay
to keep people out of their way.
For Christ's sake, Parker,
Danzinger's a fucking savage.
He sent an assassin to your home,
he almost killed my daughter.
I'm just trying to help you.
I don't want it from you.
I want it from them!
It's the principle.
Principle.
You wanna get yourself
killed over principle?
And me? Claire?
Is that what the fuck you want?
You almost died on a plane runway.
If it's gonna happen, it'll happen.
It's not something you can control.
When I enter an agreement with someone,
terms on both sides have to be honored.
If they're not, and I allow that,
I'm asking chaos to take
control of my life.
Nobody likes chaos.
Yeah.
Yeah, no one likes chaos. That's right.
Hey, look, what if...
What if you had a place in Palm Beach
to sit things out?
Nah, nah. Cops would be
all over the rentals.
Nah, not a rental. What if you...
What if you bought a house?
Palm Partners, how may I help you?
Hey, Noelle, any messages?
All right. I will transfer
you to Mr. Samson.
Why do you even read the society pages?
It's not like you could ever
go to one of those parties.
Look, if a normal couple gets divorced,
they need two houses instead of one.
Rich couple gets divorced,
they need four houses instead of two.
I don't know what you're worried about.
It took me two years
to get my first commission.
Even then, it's only a quarter share.
Yeah, well, I would've had my first
if Jameson hadn't swooped in.
Morning, ladies.
If I don't sell something
soon, I'm screwed.
Amber picked up a cold call
from some rich-ass Texan
looking to buy his third vacation home.
I've been answering the phone
for three weeks, and nothing.
They are great clients. All cash.
- What's Amber's line?
- Twelve.
Hello?
- Yes.
- But I'm gonna close them.
Excuse me one minute, sir. Thank you.
No problem. Absolutely. I'll let her know.
Hello? Hello?
That was Mr. Thompson. He said he wants to
close on Edgewater right away.
Said he's gonna be flying in at noon.
His phone died
while I was on the phone with him.
If you want I can
go take care of that for you right away.
That's so sweet of you. But no.
- One, one, at a price of 1,000...
- Noelle?
Excuse me one moment.
Call Mr. Parmitt at the Boca Resort
and tell him that
I'll call him later to reschedule.
Of course.
Sorry about that. Again,
the price was $1,155.
And item 8-0-0-0
at a cost of $2,353.20.
I can't believe you just stole her client.
There's nothing wrong
with a little stealing now and then.
They do it to us all the time.
Welcome to the Boca Resort.
Mr. Parmitt?
Miss Rodgers.
Yes.
Anybody who's somebody, and rich,
winds up in Palm Beach.
I mean, more billionaires
per square foot than anywhere else.
Palm Beach is about style. Community.
You know, it's... It's
not about money at all.
Of course not.
Where do you live now?
I got a place in Vail.
One in South Padre Island. One in Maine.
Yeah.
I'd like to see
a few more areas before zeroing in on one.
Do you have time tomorrow?
Sure, yeah. I have all the time you need
to zero in on anything you want.
I'll pick you up at your office at 10:00.
I'll never remember
my way around unless I do the driving.
Taxi.
Can I drop you somewhere?
No, thanks. I'm good.
- Where to?
- Lake Okeechobee, please.
- Yes, sir.
- Take Highway 441 to Pelican Bay.
Pardon me, ma'am.
Daniel Parmitt. San Antonio, Texas.
I thought we agreed, no more scars.
I don't want to lose you.
Hey.
I keep thinking
about that man inside our house.
I've been around thieves my whole life,
but this guy...
He was a killer.
He really scared me.
They wouldn't have killed you, Claire.
They'd use you to get to me.
Then killed us both.
You can leave, Claire.
No one would blame you.
This ltalianate villa was built three years ago.
It's only $17 million.
If it were older and one mile down
the beach, it'd be $35 million.
You like?
You know, the furnishings are all antique
and they could be available
for, you know... For the right price.
So, married?
Once. She passed away.
I'm sorry.
What about you?
What does your husband do?
Divorced. Eleven months.
He was a salesman. He sold me.
The whole dream.
I thought he was something.
His Ferrari was rented.
At least it wasn't stolen.
Well, he declared bankruptcy
before the divorce
so I get to help him pay off his debt
while he lives there
in Key West with his new girlfriend.
And I do mean "girl."
This one right over here,
this has been on the market
for about a year for about $27.5,
but if you make an offer now you could
probably get it for about $19.5-ish.
It's a good price.
This is, obviously, more of a neighborhood.
The one here, with the
screen of palm trees,
this house sold, about two months ago,
for $1.2 million.
Mr. Rodrigo says he wants to renovate.
Can you believe it?
It's obviously a tear down.
Mr. Rodrigo?
Yeah. Amber sold it to him.
You know, I think he said
he's from Texas, too.
I'll have to meet him some day.
You know, the one nice thing about it
is the lntracoastal's right down here.
Wraps right around the houses.
It's really beautiful.
See what I mean?
The lntracoastal widens out here.
So you lived in San
Antonio your whole life?
Yeah. Since I was about three.
Tell the truth, I was born in Ecuador.
My folks are both
in the oil business down there.
Ecuador? Really?
That's what it says on
my birth certificate.
I was in the management training program
here before I got married.
I could've got you a great discounted
room rate, say, 11 years ago.
You know, do you mind
if I hold on to these?
Fax a few to my banker so he knows
ahead of time what I'm getting into?
Yeah, sure. I mean, they're all sold.
I just wind up tossing them anyway.
Here. My card, too.
Mr. Parmitt? Daniel?
I know that you're in town alone,
so, if you'd like,
we can go over more
places, say, over dinner
or just drinks?
That is so kind,
but I'm afraid I have other plans.
- I'll be in touch.
- Okay.
Plans.
Pipsy, Stop-
Leslie, put on the soap channel.
Do we have to have
the soap opera channel always on?
I pay for it.
I pay every minute.
I heard that.
I heard that, too.
See? This is
the kind of outfit you would look great in.
Don't tell me. It's Tuesday night.
I'm off to poker. You're minding Pipsy.
Actually, Marta's still in the hospital.
Why don't you come?
We'll put Pipsy in the carrier.
The girls would love to see you!
All right, let's get it while it's hot.
Jesus Christ. I'm over this shit.
I'm sick of beans.
We have to lay low.
What? That's bullshit.
I don't understand what the big deal is
to go out and get two pizzas.
We'll go. But we call it in,
we go and we pick it up
and we bring it back here to eat. Okay?
I'm getting cheese.
I'm getting two pepperonis.
If he's in town, we can't risk him
getting any of us alone.
We have to lay low...
My uncle sent his best guy
to take care of Parker.
Mr. Danzinger's going to be
very disappointed you haven't seen Parker.
Listen, my friend, I keep telling you.
I don't know anybody
named Parker, all right?
Nice new carpet.
I love that shit. Give me those pies.
I ain't waiting for you old guys.
Get that pizza in there.
Don't worry about it, man.
I got the pepperoni.
If you're free,
maybe we can go for that drink now.
Who knows you're here, Leslie?
If you want to go somewhere more private,
we can go to your hotel.
Or we can go to the office.
I have the keys.
You know, Mr. Crenshaw
usually keeps a nice bottle...
When I ask you a question,
you need to answer.
You're hurting my neck!
Who knows you're here, Leslie?
No one, okay? No one!
- Let's go to your office.
- Fuck!
You know, everything you did in the car
today was almost right. Almost.
But I didn't buy it.
Is Daniel Parmitt your real name?
Why wouldn't it be?
Because you're less than two months old.
You have a bank account, an address
in Texas, and a driver's license.
You never owned
or leased a car before this one.
You never had a credit card
and you never had a mortgage.
You know, I've traveled a lot.
My family business pays for everything.
And the only house you showed
any interest in was the one back there.
Mr. Rodrigo's.
Really? It was back there?
Really.
You know, I looked into Mr. Rodrigo, too.
He's only six months old.
Okay. Why are you parking
all the way over here?
We could've parked
right in front of the office.
There'd be no cars there
this time of night.
Let's go.
Unless you don't want
a chance of being seen.
Is that what's going on?
- Wait a minute.
- Keep moving.
Don't turn those on.
English accent.
I knew you weren't from Texas.
Look at that. A nice Chablis.
Will you be joining me?
Okay, well, I'm thirsty.
Yeah. I drink too much.
And I worry too much.
Divorced, pushing 40.
I have a sister
I haven't spoken to in five years.
And I'm stuck with my mom.
Doesn't look like
she's going to kick off any time soon.
I'm sick of chauffeuring
these fucking entitled
wannabe playboys
who have never worked a day in their life.
Showing them houses
that I could never afford.
Laughing at their jokes that I can't stand.
All while fending off their gropes...
But not all their gropes.
Because you never know.
One of these days
I just might get a full commission.
So if you're going to kill me, go ahead.
I live with a snapshot of my future
and nobody's going to know
and nobody's going to care.
But if you're not, I can help you.
Help me?
People in Palm Beach are sharp. Very sharp.
And people like you
only come down here for one reason, money.
And I don't know what you're into...
Kidnapping, extortion, robbery...
But whatever it is, you're gonna need
somebody who knows the territory
or you're gonna get caught.
Take off your clothes.
What?
I'm not sure
if I'm better off with you alive or dead.
Either way, I have to know
if you're wearing a wire.
Look, I've been in
a third of the houses around here
and I know the rest.
I can answer your questions
and I can tell you
what questions you're forgetting to ask.
And all I'm asking
is for you to give me a small piece
so I can get the hell out of here.
- Turn around.
- What?
Turn around!
You know, to even find Rodrigo,
you had to play that
roundabout game with me
and all it did was make me suspicious.
I mean, how many people
do you want asking questions about you?
Lift your hair.
Get dressed.
Wash up the wine glasses.
Lock up before you leave.
I'll think about it.
Hey, Lionel!
What do you say?
I got something for your jones.
Don't blow it all on the ponies again.
Tell me what you got.
I want to know every last detail.
Leslie! Okay, last chance.
All this right here
could be yours for one low price.
Hey. What's the matter?
Nothing. Just...
I bought a lottery ticket two days ago.
I don't think it's going to pay off.
Leslie, what'd you do that for?
Those things are a waste.
Hello? Mr. Parmitt?
Yeah, I have
the perfect condo that I could show you!
I'll meet you
at 1000 Ocean Avenue in 20 minutes.
Yes!
Signal four, rollover with injuries
at 124 North County Road. Code one.
Right on time. You can park right there.
Bravo 24, please respond.
So, I'm hired?
You don't have to
check me for a wire again, do you?
I mean, you can if you want.
We got work to do, Leslie.
You're hard to read.
Not really. Let's just stick to business.
Here's the deal.
Don't ask me any questions
because I'm only going to
tell you what I want to tell you.
The man who calls himself Rodrigo
took something from me.
He's in business with three other men.
They're here for a robbery
and they're gonna use that house
to lay low when they're done.
So...
You let them steal something,
you steal it from them.
I help you
and I get a commission.
You're going to kill them, aren't you?
I never said that, Leslie. You did.
Civilized people need to follow rules.
I'm just going to put things right.
Where are they going to hit?
I thought that was
something you could tell me.
You don't know?
Well, when are they doing it?
I don't know that either.
But it's jewelry.
None of the stores
I've checked have the inventory.
How large?
Fifty to seventy-five million.
Mrs. Clendon's jewels?
Are you fucking kidding me? Forget it!
They are going to get caught, or killed
and so are you if you're
anywhere near them!
Leslie! You can't leave. You're in.
Miriam Hope Clendon
was the first lady of Palm Beach Society.
She had more diamonds
than Elizabeth Taylor!
And when she died,
she left the entire estate to Palm Beach.
They're auctioning off
her $75 million jewelry collection
right here tomorrow night.
What's behind there?
Thirty acres, a golf course, pool,
tennis courts, two ballrooms,
and it's one of the only houses
that's on the ocean and the lntracoastal.
Hey, Miss! This is private property!
Sorry, guys. Just taking in the sights.
No, no, no. That's too much white.
Take them away
and bring back some pink roses.
- And just what is this now?
- Speakers for the auctioneer.
Small ballroom. Around to the right.
Okay, Linda, you cover
the left side, Robert, the right.
Report all paddle numbers to Barry,
who will be standing next to me.
Where do you want these?
Put speakers in the corners.
Barry, excuse me a minute, would you?
Go get the gear.
I'll meet you by the basement.
Stash that shit by the exit.
Hurry UP!
So, you been in jail?
Do you ever feel bad about what you do?
Everyone steals, Leslie.
Some people admit it to themselves,
some don't. It's what human beings do.
That's why we invented locks.
You think the people
in these houses feel bad?
Their grandparents
and their great grandparents,
they're the ones who got their hands dirty.
I just mean, how do you sleep at night?
I don't drink coffee after 7:00.
- Is this the back entrance?
- Yes.
There's a taxi stand at the Breakers.
- What's going on?
- Out.
Out!
Wait a minute.
Can't you, like... What's the plan?
What do I wear? Do I wear black?
What are we doing?
Go to your office. I'll handle this.
This is getting old, you know!
Welcome back to the Boca, Mr. Parmitt.
Keep it handy, Carlos.
Leslie, someone's at the door.
Jake.
Leslie.
Mind if I come in?
Yeah, I do mind. What time is it?
I mean, how the hell did
you get my address?
It's sort of official.
Don't let him in!
At least make your dog shut up!
Can you do that?
Yeah, what's going on?
It's about a man named Daniel Parmitt.
I don't know even how to use this thing.
That's why I always get coffee.
What... What about Mr. Parmitt?
Do you know him?
Yeah, he's in town from Texas.
I... I showed him some places,
and he turned out to be a real time-waster.
I happened to be driving
past Sloan's Curve yesterday,
and I saw you talking to someone.
Yep, that was him.
I showed him a condo.
You think you can get the other list
of all the places you showed him?
Sure. I'd have to get it from the office.
Why?
Well, if there's a vacant place
that he knows about...
He may just get it in his head
to make himself at home for a while.
Shoot. Can you please get that for me?
Damn dog.
Always tracking in God-knows-what from
who knows freaking where.
And, he got into an altercation in his room
with a fellow.
The fellow went over the balcony
and he's dead now.
We haven't been able to ID the victim.
That's crazy.
What about Mr. Parmitt?
We assume Mr. Parmitt was hurt pretty bad.
He ran out of the hotel, stole a car.
No one's seen him since.
Well, I guess I can kiss
that commission goodbye.
They found your business card in his room.
We don't know what he was into,
but I just wanted to give you the heads-up.
You know, if you come by the office later,
I could give you his application,
and anything else you need, okay?
You know, makes you realize how
dangerous this business can be for a woman.
I mean, I was in places all alone with him.
I mean, he could've killed me.
That's why it might be good if you started
thinking about not being alone anymore.
Yeah.
- Sorry to wake you up.
- No, it's okay.
Thanks again.
My God!
My God! Mi Dio!
I can't believe he's not barking!
Yeah, dogs like me.
What do you need?
Do I need to get you towels? My God.
There's so much blood! What do you do
when there's so much blood?
- Do you wash it? Do you not wash it?
- I need you to listen...
- Do we put pressure on it? What do we do?
- Leslie!
- Leslie, listen to me!
- Do we get a towel? Do we get a... What?
Listen. Get dressed, get in your car,
find a pay phone, and call this number.
Okay, okay, I can do that.
Might not be an answer but maybe.
Then go straight to work.
- What?
- Yes.
I can't leave you here!
We have to get you to a hospital!
- You could die by the time I get back!
- Leslie!
Leslie! Go.
Okay.
Okay. Okay.
So, Pipsy, you like this one?
Can you make soup?
Hi, my name is Leslie Rodgers.
Daniel Parmitt asked me to call.
Yes.
Well, why don't you go ahead
and take a look at both places again
before you make your final decision.
Yeah, I could be there in a half hour.
Okay. Bye.
My God!
Is that a... That's a person!
- My gosh!
- No!
Did you see that?
That's so terrible.
Call 911!
You ladies have a great day!
I thought that guy sounded like trouble.
I mean, Ecuador?
Yeah. Just my luck.
Are you okay?
I'm going out.
If anyone from the police comes,
just give 'em the list
of places I showed Mr. Parmitt, okay?
- What's the matter?
- Nothing. I just... I just need some air.
I was afraid you were the cops.
What's going on? Are you a nurse?
I'm Claire.
- Leslie.
- Hi.
I named her after Leslie on
The Young and the Restless.
Mom.
Her sister's named
after Jennifer in Valley of the Dolls.
They don't care, Ma!
I used to have a beauty salon,
and the TV was on all day.
I told you to go back to work.
I was, I did, I was... I left.
I thought I was calling
somebody to take you to the hospital.
I can't do that, Leslie.
I have something to do tonight.
Are you crazy? You almost died!
Wait. Well, you have a...
A mangled hand, a broken rib!
Four this time.
This is a real man.
You're in no shape to do anything!
You... You can barely even sit up!
Would you tell him, please!
I can't stop him.
He is who he is.
Okay...
All set.
Do you want me to call a
taxi or leave my car?
I'll find a car.
You're good at that.
Claire...
I didn't think you'd stay.
I know.
Will you wait for me at the fish camp?
You know I will.
Ascension, I've left a bag with his
clothes and some amoxicillin in it.
Thank you.
Thank you so much
for taking such good care of him.
Please, it was nothing.
- Please, please.
- Thank you. Bye.
Come back to see me. Bye.
- Bye.
That cop,
he's watching you.
Go back to work.
When you come back, I'll be gone.
All right.
Everyone gets a weapon and two extra clips.
Carlson, you better be damn sure
that firehouse is empty.
Relax. It's closed for renovation.
Hardwicke, I'm giving you my best .45.
Let's go!
No one's gonna believe you're a fireman.
Even volunteers cut their fucking hair.
Now put your hood on before your jacket.
Show some discipline!
Hey, he looks fine.
I'm more worried about
Hardwicke getting on that goddamn boat.
Let's go! Come on!
Battalion 2 Division, 1-Rescue-33,
stand by for additional instructions...
It's going to start at 12 million.
- It's mine.
- Mother!
- What?
- They'd look much better on me.
These are too small.
That's sensational.
- It's beautiful!
- It's quite...
If you would all
please take your seats, we'll begin.
We're here tonight
to celebrate my very dear friend...
Miriam Hope Clendon.
Let me introduce our celebrity
auctioneer, Lionel Flemming.
Hello and welcome.
We're here tonight to pay tribute
to one of the great daughters
of Palm Beach society...
Miriam Hope Clendon.
Her kind works and noble spirit...
Come on.
- Talk to me.
- Good to go.
We're on. Let's go.
Keep moving! Let's go! Come on!
Clear out!
All right, everybody, move!
Move away from the building!
There's tens of millions of dollars
worth of jewels in there!
We'll handle this, sir!
Officer! Get everyone away from the door!
- Building's empty!
- Do not let anybody in!
These fumes are toxic!
- You!
- Yes, sir?
I want you to form
a perimeter around this building.
Nobody gets in here but my guys! Move!
Cleared out. Lock these doors.
Locking it up!
Hey!
All right.
Hardwicke's on his way.
Time to go!
Let's go! Time to go!
Right behind you!
We got two minutes to get underwater!
Come on. Let's go!
This is the Palm Beach County Sheriff.
You have entered a restricted area.
Please move away at once.
What the hell is he doing?
Does he realize...
Sir, there's smoke in the building.
Is there a fire?
Yes, there is a fire. The fire department's
there. They're taking care of it.
Hey, what's going on?
Go on the east side.
Excuse me.
Guys, the West Palm Beach department...
West Palm? How did they beat us here?
Well, they're already in there!
See anything?
Everybody out of the building?
All the guests, out!
I told you once, I need you to
leave this area right now,
or I will impound...
- Break the glass.
- Stand back and let us do our job.
Two more fire trucks just showed up.
Hey, look at this dickhead!
I'm not going to tell you again.
You need to leave the area.
Do you understand me?
- Sorry, sir. Sorry about that.
- Thank you.
- Have a good night, man.
- Be safe.
Hey, Cap, got a West Palm helmet.
- I got another one.
- Put them down, that's evidence.
This is a robbery.
No, God.
My God!
One-nine-five.
Prepare to lock down the island.
Secure the bridges, get units on both sides
of the island, set up a perimeter.
Marine units, lntracoastal and beachside.
Eagles One and Two, get visual of the
bridges. K-9, you're going to track from...
Eagle One in position at North Bridge.
I have visual of all three
bridges in "Up" position.
What's going on?
Eagle Two checking pleasure boat moorings
on the lntracoastal.
Eagle One. I see an outlet.
We need units to Worth Avenue
and South County Road.
Driver's license, ma'am, please.
Is this your current address?
It's really happening.
Damn it! I'm not going
to let you fuck this up!
Fuck.
We did it!
Did you see the look
on those rich bitches' faces?
Yeah! They were freaked!
- Tell me about it.
- Keep it down till we get inside.
They shit their Depends!
No, she was just looking at your puss.
You saw the way they waved us in?
- Plan a job right...
- Beautiful!
Smooth as a baby's ass!
Firemen are heroes, baby.
The public loves us.
The public loves us!
Hey, man, who wants a beer?
Time to celebrate.
All right, let's check it out.
All right. What you got?
See what we got, baby.
Let's see what we got! Yeah!
Wait just a goddamn minute!
I want to see that ice.
- Yes, yes!
- Lookit. Yeah, bubba.
Give me one of those.
- Yeah, beer.
- Beer and jewels, baby.
What you got, Ross?
Yeah, what you got? Let me see.
Check it out. Look at that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
- Mama, we are rich!
- Beautiful.
Who the fuck are you?
I'm a real estate agent!
My name is Leslie Rodgers!
I just came by to see
if the house is still vacant!
Get inside. Get inside!
Get the fuck inside.
Hey, guys!
Look what I found!
Can someone tell me who the fuck is she?
Where did she come from, Hardwicke?
Why the hell did you bring her in here?
She was peeking
through the fucking window!
No, I was checking to see
- if the house was still empty!
- Sit down! Sit!
Calm down, calm down, everybody.
Calm down.
- Shut up!
- You can call my boss...
Shut up!
Know what I'm thinking?
What?
- Parker.
- No.
It's not fucking Parker!
You're being paranoid again!
He sent her in!
He's out there somewhere!
I don't know anybody named Parker!
Shut your fucking hole! Shut up!
Parker's gotta be hurting bad.
He leaked a whole gallon of blood
up in that hotel.
The news said he could barely walk.
That motherfucker's a rock, man.
My God, my God.
That nine-life son of a fucking bitch!
Move! Where is he?
- No!
- Where the fuck is he?
Tell me where he is,
or I'll shoot you in the fucking face!
I don't know! I swear!
Let go of me!
Do you want every cop in the world here?
All right.
All right, get the fuck off me!
You're all right. Here, let me help you.
You're all right.
Come on, now, gonna sit down and talk.
It's okay. Now, listen to me.
You don't want to die, do you?
- Do you?
- No.
Then tell me where he is.
I don't know.
Check the house. Every inch!
You know who those belong to?
No. I don't have any idea.
Yeah, you do.
What's your connection with Parker?
Are you fucking him?
What? You want to hit me now?
Go ahead. You first.
Then it's my turn.
Hey, it's clear on this side.
He isn't on this side either.
Where's...
Ross?
Fuck!
Shit.
Go check it out.
Me? No fucking way am I...
- Check!
- Fuck!
Get the fucking gun out of my face!
Stop pointing the fucking gun at me!
I'm fucking going.
Jesus fucking Christ!
If she moves, shoot her!
Why don't we just unbutton
this fucking button right here?
Yeah.
Let me see what you got.
Bitch!
I'm going to fuck you, and then you die!
In your dreams, you fat ugly fuck!
Fuck you, motherfuck...
Shut the fuck up!
Shut your hole and pay attention!
God damn it!
Ross!
Parker, we've got the girl!
You better come out,
unless you want to see her dead!
Parker?
What the fuck are you doing?
You bitch!
You're fucking dead!
Parker!
You touch me
and Danzinger will hunt you down!
He won't rest until you're dead!
Listen to me! We can split this up.
We'll use my connections.
Do not make me fucking kill her!
- My God!
- You understand?
Go ahead.
- I will shoot her! Shut the fuck up!
- No! Don't let him kill me!
I will shoot her in the fucking head!
Don't let him kill me!
Go ahead.
Fuck! Let me... Let me explain.
You were supposed to torch the hay
bales behind the livestock pavilion.
- Come on!
- Wait. Not so fast.
You shouldn't have come here.
I thought you might need help.
And what happened? Did you know
that guy's gun wouldn't go off?
When I broke in the night
you followed me...
I bent the firing pins
on most of their weapons.
Most of them?
Here's what's gonna happen.
Take the jewels to your office...
Find an AC vent, open it, and stuff 'em in.
- Put the grating back on and forget about it.
- But“.
You don't tell your mother
and you don't check on them
to make sure they're still there.
In about three months,
I'll send someone in to get them from you.
Might take a long time to fence,
but after that's done,
you'll receive your share by express mail.
You can't put that money in a bank, Leslie.
You can't go on a crazy shopping spree.
Okay.
But... How much will it...
I get the first two hundred thousand.
My original share.
The next two hundred thousand,
goes to my old partner who planned the job.
Then we split the rest.
How much?
With the right buyer,
your share will be millions.
Sorry! I'm sorry-
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
What? Wait, wait, wait!
Where are you going?
I'm going to lie low for a week or so
until things calm down.
I'll have someone drive in and get me.
Claire?
I never did have a chance, did I?
Danzinger?
Yeah.
Who the hell are you?
Parker.
All right. All right.
I was going to give them
20 cents on the dollar. I'll give you 40.
It's not about money.
Leslie!
I got it.
Morning.
Sign, please.
- It's heavy.
- Okay.
My...
Leslie, who was that?
It's the mailman!
Nothing but bills!
We have received bounties from heaven.
Like a new house,
plenty of money to pay off all our debts.
You know, I believe that man that we found
on the side of the road that day,
he wasn't no man at all.
He was an angel, sent here to test us.
Encoded by SAUFi88
** BERDESUP.COM **
-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-